README.md, before:

# Awesome_CompSci_Resources
A list of useful free resources available via the internet for anyone interested in learning more about computers.

Pull requests accepted, please distinguish between open resources and resources that require an email account.


## Webdev

- [32-bit cafe](https://32bit.cafe) -- (free tutorials, some services that require registration) -- A loose collection of individuals maintaining a community site for those interested in making personal webpages.



## Programming
### Learning
- [Exercism](https://exercism.org) -- (Registration required for completing exercises) -- A code learning website has online mentoring and multiple programming languages available.
- [OSSU computer science course](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science) -- (Collection of university open courseware, no registrations shoule be required) -- Mirror(?) of MIT course Introduction to Computer Science and Programming using Python.
- [Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/) -- (Free guide pointing to resources available freely online) -- Originally written by Oz Nova and Myles Byrne, with 2020 updates by Oz. It is based on our experience teaching foundational computer science to over 1,000 mostly self-taught engineers and bootcamp grads in small group settings in San Francisco and live online.
- [Packetlife Cheatsheets (archive.org)](https://web.archive.org/web/20220508225657/https://packetlife.net/library/cheat-sheets/) -- (free!) -- Archived cheat sheets from Jeremy Stretch's blog Packetlife.net.

Commit message:

Add tooling section with Zed Editor information
Added a section on tooling with Zed Editor to the README.

README.md, after:

# Awesome_CompSci_Resources
A list of useful free resources available via the internet for anyone interested in learning more about computers.

Pull requests accepted, please distinguish between open resources and resources that require an email account.


## Webdev

- [32-bit cafe](https://32bit.cafe) -- (free tutorials, some services that require registration) -- A loose collection of individuals maintaining a community site for those interested in making personal webpages.



## Programming
### Tooling
- [Zed Editor](https://zed.dev)  -- (Open Source: Apache, GPL, AGPL) -- Open source extensible code editor from the makers of the Atom IDE that supports collaboration via github and sane AI integration.
### Learning
- [Exercism](https://exercism.org) -- (Registration required for completing exercises) -- A code learning website has online mentoring and multiple programming languages available.
- [OSSU computer science course](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science) -- (Collection of university open courseware, no registrations shoule be required) -- Mirror(?) of MIT course Introduction to Computer Science and Programming using Python.
- [Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/) -- (Free guide pointing to resources available freely online) -- Originally written by Oz Nova and Myles Byrne, with 2020 updates by Oz. It is based on our experience teaching foundational computer science to over 1,000 mostly self-taught engineers and bootcamp grads in small group settings in San Francisco and live online.
- [Packetlife Cheatsheets (archive.org)](https://web.archive.org/web/20220508225657/https://packetlife.net/library/cheat-sheets/) -- (free!) -- Archived cheat sheets from Jeremy Stretch's blog Packetlife.net.
